hey guys welcome back so this is gonna
be a really really quick video just
something that I just wants to get off
my chest and perhaps get you guys
opinion let me know what you guys feel
about the subject before I get started I
want to put a little spotlight over here
for my friend the skinny be she just
started her natural hair channel and
journey she just did her big chop and
she's extremely animated and absolutely
hilarious you will not be disappointed
with her and her channel so then we
check her out subscribe and show her
some love so anyway I was on Instagram a
couple of months ago and you guys know
and if you're not following me on
instagram i'll put the link somewhere
but you guys know i've been natural for
maybe 10 months now and I put my
Instagram pictures with my short hair on
there and so someone who follows me on
Instagram and this is by no means an
attack on her she made a statement about
the fact that all these natural girls
who are all these girls who are going
natural and going natural because of a
fad or wrong because of that decision
and I was absolutely appalled with that
I just didn't understand why it's a bad
thing if you want to go natural because
it's a trend or a fat like I don't I
don't see the issue especially since
most of what everybody does in life is a
fad or a trend or something that you've
seen from someone else nothing new Under
the Sun and especially considering the
fact that um I think going natural is a
positive thing so if you do want to
follow a positive trend I don't see
where the issue is I guess that's a
little bit of the Nazism that creeps
into some people and I don't even know
if they realize that that's what they're
doing that they're trying to force
people into having a certain feeling or
opinion like they do I personally think
that it doesn't matter if you go natural
because it's trendy or if you go natural
because I don't know because you one day
had an awakening about the fact that you
felt like you were being bought in
bondage or enslaved by society that's
your personal decision that's your
opinion and you have the right to feel
the way you feel
and you certainly have the right not to
go natural because you don't want to and
for some people it's just not that
serious it's just really not for some
people their hair is more of something
that is spiritual and deep and cultural
like for me I have my roots I know my
boots and nothing about me going natural
had anything to do with my African roots
or oppression or anything of the sort I
just actually accidentally went natural
had to cut cut off my hair because of
its state and I decided to see what my
hair does and if I liked it then I would
stick with it and i did so i think
people definitely need to be more
careful when they make such blanks
blanket statements i don't think it
matters you guys let me know what you
think i do think the reason why you go
natural matters in your natural hair
journey and let me just explain that for
a second if you go natural because of a
fad then you're more likely to return to
relaxed hair because you will want to
change if you go natural because you
feel like you're betraying yourself if
you're not then you'll probably not go
back to a relaxer for someone like me I
feel like I had no other options I
actually hated my relaxed hair because
it was so thin and I found myself doing
braised all the time putting extensions
and weaves and wigs and I didn't even
realize for the longest time that I
didn't like my hair because of its
thinness because of thing but when my
hair is natural and even though i even
if i choose to straighten it my hair
will be fuller and thicker in its
natural state than what it was when it
was bone straight and relaxed like I
just I some people are lucky enough to
have thick relax hair and honestly I
don't know if I would have gone natural
or continued with natural hair after my
big chop I might have relaxed it if I
had more thick hair but I haven't been
blessed with that I just have been here
and I just have to deal with that and
does it glad I made my decision and I
can definitely understand what people
don't want to go natural because why
would you there is a lovely lady there
are several level ladies here
to Anika she has like the most amazing
mean just like thickness all over and
I'm like I guess you could go natural
but she's not ready I don't see a reason
why she should because her hair is
absolutely thick and luscious and so so
is Tracy from kiss and she has amazing
hair I mean they're ladies like that and
I'm like you know if you're happy with
you here then you're happy with your
hair I had no choice in my head because
I was like I want to be happy with my
hair and I want my hair thick so that
was my reason but I don't know I feel
like everybody's decision to go natural
as their personal business let me know
how you guys feel about this definitely
drop it in the bottom make a video
response if you would like let me know
what you think thank you so much for
watching and I'll see you on my next
video I hope you guys enjoyed this later